welcome to industrial discount la
first international auction house with
headquarters in Italy specialized in
online sales of movable and immovable property
from private companies e
insolvency proceedings and companies of
leasing with millions of views
every year thousands of offers hundreds
of users connected every day and beyond
300,000 customers in each sector from each
part of the industrial discount world yes
addresses all operators who
they want to take maximum advantage
from the purchase and sale of used vehicles
on our portal you will join
of a highly competitive market and
you will be assisted carefully and
accurate
during each phase of the negotiation from
cataloging of assets up to the phase of
dismantling loading and transporting rods
the online sales process is never
It was so simple and convenient
how one logs recorded
free to access our
services
the method is simple and quick once
receipt of registration confirmation
you can participate in our auctions e
receive newsletters about the
sector of your interest
two circles the lot there are three different
ways to find the products that you
they are interested in entering our website
keyword in the search bar of
choose a category from the search menu
in the batch list of auctions that are expiring
for each auction identified by a number
the expiration date is specified
the type of sale and the experiment
to star with the relative reduction of
prices
remember some auctions are in two stages
immediately after the last closing
lot opens a second phase of the
10 minutes duration
the extension phase in which the
possibility for those who wish to do so
a block offer for all
machinery for auction
3 make your offer before
participate in the auction read the conditions
of sale
at this point, navigate to eight
you are interested in and fake digital that
you are willing to offer for that eye
check the item
I accept the conditions of use and send the
your offer
now you are the highest bidder you can
keep lots on your watch
list and re-launch until the end
of the auction you will be notified via e-mail
every time your offer went to
good end and whenever your
offer comes overtake you remember you can
set the maximum price you are
willing to pay for a roxy bit lot
type your offer is yours
proxy bit
whenever your offer comes
exceeded by others the system will re-launch
automatically for you until
achievement of the maximum amount that
has set 4
the auction ends and if the best
bidder
you won the lot once
payment made
you will be contacted by our staff e
you will receive assistance in disassembly e
in the collection of the purchased lots, remember
five minute rule
if a lot receives an offer in the course
of the last five minutes the deadline
of the eight is postponed by five
minutes and it is possible to relaunch this
rule guarantees the award of the
I fight with the highest bidder
that to the fastest bidder if you are a
company a professional appointed by
court or a leasing company
choose to outsource to discount stores
the value of your assets
we remind you that sell on ours
site does not involve expenses and we invite you to
see section 20 if you wish
buy used quality at prices
convenient entrusted to indastria
scout industrial discount a system
simple competitive convenient
for more info contact us write to
info at industrial discounter dot com
or call us at 0 5 I speak 6 0 4 6 7
4 7 industrial discount you register do
your offer you win lot
www.in stree to discount point com